# hackHarvard: Below is how to install our program
1. npm install
2. npm run server
   npm run client
   
# Our Motivation Behind EQT
The COVID-19 Pandemic and initial school closures have increased inequality in educational outcomes across racial and socioeconomic lines, creating an urgency to identify programs and policies—such as tutoring—to mitigate COVID learning loss. The COVID educational loss impacts students in disadvantaged backgrounds more compared to their counterparts with high socioeconomic ranking. In fact, according to a Pew Survey, 20% of upper class households have hired someone to help with their children's educational needs, while only 7% of households in the lower and middle class households have hired someone. According to the OECD, the COVID-19 learning loss is projected to decrease GDP by 1.5% per year, on average. This is assuming that the learning loss can be recovered. However, this is an extremely tricky sitation; if COVID learning loss has occurred proportionally among all age groups. As a result, teachers will need to modify their instruction to fill in those gaps. This is true for all levels of education; therefore, it is difficult to see how this can be recovered for those already in school as we'll be lowering the level of the studies for those in school to recompensate for the learning loss. Therefore, the potential GDP loss is likely to be even higher. Loss in GDP is not only detrimental to the quality of life, but it also slows growth and innovation. Possessing fewer skills as a result of learning loss means workers will have decreased wages over their lifetime. In fact, the OPDC estimates the loss in income to be 3% over the lifetime of those who experienced the learning loss due to COVID. In addition, this affects individuals in different socioeconomic groups disproportionately. Since those on the higher economic ladder can afford learning outside of the classroom, their reduced income is not quite as large as the reduction in income of those who can not afford learning outside the classroom. This is why we're seeking to make our tutorial services as accessible as possible, usable even by those traditionally unable to afford tutorial services. 

The benefits of this will be felt everywhere. The cut in the projected loss of GDP means all workers have higher skill levels. With the GDP as good as it can possibly be, the economy of the US--as a whole--will be at its best level. This means, in general, the general well-being of the country as a whole would be higher than what it would be with the effects of the COVID-19 learning loss. 

# What Makes EQT Unique
EQT is unique in its approach to accessibility. Essentially, the students who are verified to be low-income will have their cost waived. Tutors will want to be part of EQT because EQT is purely motivated to share knowledge across the socieeconomic chain. We pride ourselves in being driven by the belief that anyone can learn and we just need to provide the right resources for people to learn. We strongly believe in our mission, and we hire people who do the same. We envision our volunteers to be strongly passionate about bridging the educational gap, and we believe that passion will drive the volunteers to do great things that money may not necessarily lead them to. We do not offer the best pay compared to our competitors; but we do offer competitive pay. More than pay, we offer the ability for tutors to have an impact that transcends the economic barrier. We offer tutors to be part of the tutoring services that seeks to fix the long-term economic impact of the COVID-19 learning loss. Tutors are also motivated to join to attend training sessions with high-achieving students from top universities who are willing to hold workshops, Q&As, and review session of most current research. Tutors will want to be part of this exciting network full of energy, purely driven to expand education. 

Now, another question is how do we provide need based aid? We attract students from a wide range of socioeconomic backgrounds due to the qualifications of our tutors. Students who can afford to pay for their tutoring sessions are welcomed with as much zeal and enthusiasm as students who are not able to, and, in fact, we anticipate much more students from predominantly advantaged socioeconomic backgrounds. This is due to the nature of private tutoring; it is more predominant and easily accessible to students with high economic standing. We also provide high quality training to tutors from workshops and Q&A events hosted by students from top universities around the world. We’ve seen–across many hackathons, campus clubs, and social events–that people are willing to share the knowledge they have, and they do not shy away from teaching other people about their areas of research. We see in a lot of university students the desire to teach others about their difficult, complicated work; this will expand the tutor’s horizon, which establishes a suitable environment to transfer the tutor’s knowledge into his tutees. Experiences like this will attract students from predominantly advantaged backgrounds. Furthermore, there is an incentive for economically privileged students to use EQT since their simple use of EQT could transform the experience for students disadvantaged by their economic situation. In addition, in an ever-growing diverse, globalized world, it is more important than ever to be able to get along with more people from diverse backgrounds. EQT–with the group tutoring services as well–allows for a perfect avenue to build these skills for people of all backgrounds. Diversity, we believe, makes people strong problem solvers and will only contribute to a greater understanding of themselves and the world around them.   

This approach is also well scalable, not just with regards to the school year of the student. Right now, we primarily focus on high schools, but we can scale it to middle schools or elementary schools for the most impact. This is essential because classroom learning has decreased relatively proportionally across all the levels of the educational system. In addition, we have the ability to scale it to different countries and increase the well-being of residents of the countries as they can benefit from recovering from that GDP loss.  



